Congratulations, Miss Lin.
When your company is ready
We will deposit 100 billion into your account immediately
As for what Miss Lin will do with the 100 billion
We won't ask
You don't have to report to us either
If Miss Lin does an excellent job
We will also add each other.
What do you need from Miss Lin?
Rear drive diamond opening
Our four families will definitely help
Try it. You?
It's really you?
That's fine.
I can hug your thighs and be a rich woman in the future
Keller, what are you? Come on up
Thank you Mr. Zhao
Miss Wei, you're welcome.
What is the relationship between Lin Shishi and the Zhao family?
And who is the mysterious person in their mouth?
Can the four major families pay or 100 billion
This mysterious man must not be simple
I thought the Wang family was in control
I didn't expect to be told by this punishment
It seems that this punishment status is not ordinary, hey
Miss Lin
Well, congratulations on getting this 10 million order.
You can ask for anything in the future.
Hey, I forgot too.
This should be mine.
This should all be mine
Wang Shao, how did things get like this?
Wang Shao, think of a way